c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\obj\Debug\HotelMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\HotelMS.dll.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\HotelMS.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\HotelMS.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\obj\Debug\HotelMS.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelMS\HotelMS\obj\Debug\HotelMS.pdb
